# InterWeave IDE Training Zoom Meeting

**Meeting Date:** 7th Feb, 2024 - 1:00 PM

---

**Dmytro Zotkin** *[00:00]*: Meetings. Good afternoon. 
**IAIN MAGOWN** *[00:09]*: What is this afternoon? 
**Dmytro Zotkin** *[00:15]*: So, Demetri, they all have 100 questions for you. Negative 100. 
**Andrew Magown** *[00:23]*: He was feeling lonely. No one's asking. 
**Dmytro Zotkin** *[00:25]*: Negative one. At least 100 questions for all people together or each of them? Each of them. 
**IAIN MAGOWN** *[00:34]*: Yeah. 
**Dmytro Zotkin** *[00:35]*: Okay, so that's good. So let's start from. Save a hit. Question number 36, please. Okay, guys, but really, if there are no questions, it means that we have to just to repeat that from the very beginning. If there are questions, I'm ready to answer. Because the material that was provided supposed to be clear and understood. If there is no single question, I suspect that something went, like, south and didn't go well. So maybe we need to repeat again or something. Again, I would like to hear at least some questions. Is there anything that was not clear or something that requires more details or if you vouch that everything 100% crystally clear, then we'll proceed. Sure. 
**Andrew Magown** *[01:48]*: Yeah. So what I was just mentioning earlier before you got on the call was that right now I feel I'm limited and what I can use everything for is because I'm trying to finish this app in cratio and I don't want to connect anything to that app until it's fully solidified and working correctly because I don't want to get anything crosswired or anything else along those lines. In terms of practice, in terms of using it, I don't have a full reason quite yet, especially since I haven't been involved on the salesforce side of things. That's why I haven't had any questions. Quite. 
**Dmytro Zotkin** *[02:38]*: I, sorry for interruption, but just remember, idea has nothing to do with. So it's Salesforce, just one of the systems it works with. Like the projects that are on the server contain connectivity to about two dozen of systems, including it has different databases, it has flows which are processing connectivity to email servers and processing emails going in and out. I understand your point. That's clear. Okay, so I heard you. Now, Wahid, I understand that you're kind of pretty packed with the tasks that Bruce is setting to you. So have you had a chance to look into it or. It's kind of similar explanation? 
**IAIN MAGOWN** *[03:48]*: Yeah. 
**WAHEED QAMAR** *[03:48]*: Okay, so I have studied the document and I have a very basic question. For example, for a new customer, how we decide the number of flows and number of transactions inside that flow and also the hierarchy of transactions. Like we have a number of transactions inside a flow. So how we decide that based on the requirements of the customer, is it something predepend? 
**Dmytro Zotkin** *[04:12]*: That's a good question. So first of all, for your understanding, there were just two customers for last five years which required to write one flow. Like the flows which exist cover practically every customer we have. You saw that presentation, I think you participated in these trucks like four trucks or five trucks cannot remember the number. So each truck is supported by the set of transaction flows which already built. The only thing that we are doing currently, and like I am doing currently, it's like modifying, slightly modifying transformers. We are not touching transactions, we are not touching flows. Rarely we are adding flows. Of course, right now I'm planning to add at least six, seven flows because we are starting the project which will require connectivity between ubersmith system which is. 
**IAIN MAGOWN** *[05:25]*: Kind of this meeting is being recorded. 
**Dmytro Zotkin** *[05:28]*: And salesforce, there is nothing like that in any project. So I will be building those flows. How many transactions are required for the flow depends on the data that you are moving and depends on the complexity of the data relationship. For example, if you're reading the object with a child object, say for example invoice and invoice line items, you may read it with one query, you may read it as a set of headers and then set of line items for each header. It depends on the optimization related to the performance of the system we are working with. Because very important thing is to make sure that you are not just connecting to the endpoint and start grabbing the data. 
**Dmytro Zotkin** *[06:32]*: Important thing to understand what is the optimal way of grabbing the data, how to batch this, how to create the bulk elements that are requesting data and storing data in batches, not individual records. Because if you do everything individual records, you're overloading both endpoints. And most endpoints are limited with the API, call numbers or any other limitations like cpu usage, whatever. So you need to optimize that. So this way the optimization determines the number of transactions. Like do you need to do two transactions to grab Lipol invoices or just one transaction. Then remember that each transaction, it's data sets inside it. So data sets inside transactions, it's separate commands, separate queries. So you can have like multiple data sets in one transaction. It's better because system is not trying to connect. Again, transaction is determined by connection. So connection to particular system. 
**Dmytro Zotkin** *[07:50]*: If you go to the same system in the transaction, there is optimization process that if it says okay, I was connected to sugar CRM in this transaction, next transaction I also want to connect to sugar CRM. So I will not be reconnecting, I will be using connection from the previous transaction. But it's still a process to determine what was used and so on and so forth. So it's better to combine queries to the same endpoint, the same connection in one transaction. And those data sets, like data elements, are encapsulated in that transaction. But there is another limitation, because if you want to process the result of the query, for example, you need to go to the next transaction, because each transaction, if you remember it, stores the results into IWP format, like this internal format. 
**Dmytro Zotkin** *[08:49]*: So when you it stores it at the end of transaction. So it stores the data of all data elements inside transaction at the end of transaction, because it's a transaction isolation mechanism. So if you need the data of the previous query to use in the next queries, for example, you need to query the customer information and then you want to use that customer information to create an invoice. So when you query in the data, you cannot do it in the same transaction, because when you query in the data about the customer next transformer which wants to convert this data or use this data, doesn't have it yet because it's not converted into internal format. So you need to have multiple transactions because of dependency of the data. So basically, mostly it's the three elements. 
**Dmytro Zotkin** *[09:45]*: First element is system like connection and usage of the same system in the same transaction. Second, it's number of elements and objects that you are working with. And the third, it's relationship between objects that you are working with. Based on these relationships, you determine if you need, for example, to get invoice data, you need two transactions or one transaction. So it's difficult maybe to understand based on this particular explanation. But if you look at the examples, those are explaining it very good. So for example, if you go, can someone share the id now? 
**IAIN MAGOWN** *[10:40]*: Yes, Ian, thank you. 
**Dmytro Zotkin** *[10:43]*: Whoever wants to share. Okay, and let's go to the project which is called SFQB base. This one, open it. Open integration flows. Transaction flows. And let's grab the flow which is for example, SFAC opp to qbcus. 
**IAIN MAGOWN** *[11:21]*: Or. 
**Dmytro Zotkin** *[11:22]*: Actually no, you know what, let's start from the top. Let's grab Qbso. QB cast. So to SF ACc on the top of the screen you can see it's QB cast. No, cast. S-O-S-O-S-O-S-O. Because this one, double click on it. So see like transaction number two, this transaction reads the header of, so it reads the sales orders from quickbooks, the header of sales order. But transaction number five reads the line items, and transaction number four reads the links between invoices, reads all related transaction to that sales order estimates, invoices and so on and so forth. So you can see that these three transactions are processing data according to their structure. Because for sales order, it's okay. People are not creating waterfalls of sales orders. Usually from business perspective, it's not what they are doing. 
**Dmytro Zotkin** *[12:46]*: This is why we are splitting it and it's more convenient to process if you have like the first scroll to the left, this third transaction. Third, if you double click on it and then go to get SOS. And at the right side, click here. So this transaction, actually it reads, if you scroll it down here, don't even open transformer, just scroll down this transformer. Can you scroll it? 
**IAIN MAGOWN** *[13:27]*: Sorry, yeah, sorry. 
**Dmytro Zotkin** *[13:29]*: Just scroll it down to the very bottom. Very bottom, yeah. This one reads the information from the sales order. So it takes data from sales order, everything from sales order header, including custom mapping, including timestamps, including all things that are required from sales order. Now if you go back to the flow, just click at this tree at the right top corner. Three icon, right top corner. 
**IAIN MAGOWN** *[14:08]*: Sorry. Yeah. 
**Dmytro Zotkin** *[14:10]*: And then click at the flow. Transaction number five from the left. Yeah. And just open it. And open it. And this one, just scroll it a little bit down. A little bit down. More down. More down, more down. Okay, continue scrolling more. And now hold on for a second. See, that's for each element. So if you look at this, for each element in the middle, for each, it's a loop in xsl t. It's like for loop in any programming language for each. And you see that it says data map name, get orders. So this one reads all orders from the transaction number three and creates line items with a reference to that order because it knows when you scroll it. 
**IAIN MAGOWN** *[15:25]*: A little bit down, charge, it goes. 
**Dmytro Zotkin** *[15:29]*: Okay, so it says where transaction id from sales order line at the very bottom where transaction id equals transaction id that was read from the order in the transaction number three. So it has transaction id of the header. Now like all lines which have the same transaction id, it's a link element which links them together. So all line items will be read here. That's convenient. That's convenient to process. Like the picture is clearer and so on and so forth. And you don't have too much data to load. Now on the left side, open the flow which is on top of it. This flow on top of it. 
**IAIN MAGOWN** *[16:19]*: Yeah. 
**Dmytro Zotkin** *[16:20]*: Double click it. What's happened here? Okay, it doesn't really matter. We'll close id and open it again. So, okay, transaction number four from the right here. So that transaction will not be opening it's reading only line items. It's reading just line items. It's not reading the invoice header and line item. Because Quickbooks actually contains information in each line item, they don't have a real database. It contains information about header and line item. So information about header. For example, you have like ten invoices, each of them has like five line items. So 50 times the same information will be read. So it kind of looks bad from the data perspective. But a lot of companies are entering data in quickbooks in batch. They can get information from some payment system, from some VMS system, like it's coming to QuickBooks and updates multiple invoices. 
**Dmytro Zotkin** *[17:36]*: And we want to send that information back to Salesforce, for example, information that invoice was paid, that invoice has become final and so on and so forth. So when we look at the performance, when we start reading header and then line items, it's extremely slow process. I mean, not extremely slow, but it's much slower than reading just line item without head. It's kind of based on experience, based on multiple tests and so on and so forth. So even if we are going like much more information, we are reading only line items. We don't read headers here just because of the optimization. And this flow has, if you look at the parameters of the flow, see batch size. It's section number three from the top section. Number three from the top section. Section, horizontal section. 
**IAIN MAGOWN** *[18:34]*: Yes. 
**Dmytro Zotkin** *[18:35]*: No, sorry. On the top there is a section with a picture, then section with the flow parameters. 
**IAIN MAGOWN** *[18:43]*: Sorry, hang on, I removed my tools. Hang on a second. 
**Dmytro Zotkin** *[18:50]*: So this is the section number three which has name and property value. Name, property value in the middle, see name, property value, sorry. You see there is a section on the top which has a picture right here of the flow. 
**IAIN MAGOWN** *[19:10]*: That section right here. 
**Dmytro Zotkin** *[19:13]*: Section, yes. Okay, then next section down. Next section down. Next section down has as general parameters of the flow and then input parameters of the flow. That's the third section which goes again. One section down. One section down. 
**IAIN MAGOWN** *[19:30]*: I'm getting there. 
**Dmytro Zotkin** *[19:31]*: This one, yes. Okay. And this section, see batch size? Yes. 
**IAIN MAGOWN** *[19:36]*: 120. 
**Dmytro Zotkin** *[19:37]*: Yeah. So batch size. So were able to put 120 invoice lines in one reading. If we did header and line items separately, five is maximum, otherwise it is just taking forever. So because of proper structure of the flow, were able to optimize it the way that it's reading very fast. And before that flow was taking like 40, 50 minutes. Now it's taking like three, four minutes to proceed. How transactions are built also is based on the experience and of course for each system, those parameters, those things are different. 
**Dmytro Zotkin** *[20:23]*: For example, for systems for rest API versus soap API versus SQl, you may need like two, three transactions just to connect to rest API because you need to grab information from configuration, then you need to create URL, then you need to create a content for each URL call because if it's post or if it's get, but with the parameters inside, like JSon element, for example, in this case you might need up to three transactions just to create a query through JSOn for rest API. Generally speaking, like summarizing this, generally speaking, this number of transactions depends on the process of the data and depends on the fact that you need to store. Like if you want to use results of the previous transactions, you need like two transactions. You cannot use the result of these transactions inside the same transaction. 
**Dmytro Zotkin** *[21:25]*: So dependency of the data between each other. Business process and optimization, that's three whales on which the selection of the number of transactions sits. It's like in every program there is absolutely no difference. It's like how many methods you need in Java. Plus it's the same thing. Okay, did it become clearer? 
**IAIN MAGOWN** *[21:54]*: Yeah. 
**WAHEED QAMAR** *[21:55]*: Okay, so is there any predefined structure that we are going to use this hierarchy of transaction inside a flow for Salesforce to Quickbook and for creative to Quickbook? Is there any hierarchy that is predefined or do we have to. 
**Dmytro Zotkin** *[22:14]*: No, there is nothing predefined. There are tons of flows which could be reused, which can be used as a template to another flow. And you can look at the flow that actually makes invoices from Salesforce to Quickbooks. And based on that create the same flow which makes invoices from creation to Quickbooks, like the Quickbooks part, you can just reuse the same transactions. You will just replace transformers because transformers will be updated. The data from creative is coming a little bit differently. They will be corrected, but not much. It's kind of couple of days of work. But the information that is read from creatio, that's a separate story. But for example, if you need to read from create your something, for some reason you need to read account, you need to read opportunity, you need to read some custom object, you need to read product. 
**Dmytro Zotkin** *[23:11]*: For example, those transactions which will be doing that, they will be written once and you will be just inserting them in different flows, will be the same transactions. So basically, after you have a specific set of transactions which allows you to read information from particular objects and to write information in those objects, all those transactions are reusable, they might be cloned and another transformer used. But that's a separate kind of. It's for convenience more. Because if for example, you want to create a transformer which creates an account record in two different systems or from two different systems. So for example, you want to create customer, you can actually grab the data which came from creatio and the data which came from Salesforce and encapsulate them in one transformer. 
**Dmytro Zotkin** *[24:21]*: You just make some kind of logical elements, like if elements, if it came from this particular one. So use this. If it came from that particular one, use that. The advantage is like you have just one transformer for all system. Huge disadvantage is the complexity of that transformer. It's becoming so complicated, so it's very difficult to manage and it's very difficult to extend in the future because when you need to add some fields, systems are growing, systems are making much more sophisticated. With QuickBooks online, for example, went from the system which could do almost nothing with system that in some elements it's bigger than Quickbooks desktop now. So of course the flows are growing with the system because like new options, you need to add new things to support for those things, you need to add to your flow. 
**Dmytro Zotkin** *[25:22]*: So if Transformer is extremely complicated, it's very difficult to expand it. If it's less complicated, it's easier to expand. But you have more. Transformers system has limitations of the number of transactions and number of flows in one project. But you always can create a separate project. For example, Salesforce to Quickbooks is encapsulated in two projects. One project is for account receivable and another for account payable and accounting general. These are limitations also in here, again, that's the experience. So basically all this is coming from the experience. There is nothing that requires specific knowledge. You just need to understand how algorithms are working. The rest is more or less intuitive. And of course you need to know xslt, like you need to know how to use very simple xslt. It's XSLT 10. 
**Dmytro Zotkin** *[26:37]*: We didn't go to XSLt one, two, or two, because it's limited with different purposes and different reasons. It's simple, but it's powerful enough and it does what we need. Question to everyone who has experience with working with XSLT language, real working, not like reading some, but just creating some transformers, XSLT or xpath. 
**IAIN MAGOWN** *[27:14]*: I don't have any experience on that front neither. 
**IAIN MAGOWN** *[27:18]*: Yeah. 
**Dmytro Zotkin** *[27:19]*: Okay, so then next meeting will be not using IDe. Next meeting we will do introduction to access ot language. If you want to read something about it prior to the meeting, please do that. Because our goal of that exercise at the end, we need together like four of us to build the flow which is working from one point to another, depending on the speed, how we are doing it, we will decide which flow we are building. Now, if you don't understand and cannot use xSLt, that exercise, it will be, I'm building flow so I can do it without a meeting. So next meeting, like whenever we schedule it, Bruce will talk about it a little bit later. But please, whatever materials you'll find, that's very good. 
**Dmytro Zotkin** *[28:27]*: If you find on the Internet the book which is, you know, that author orale, like different things like Java for dummies, like Internet for dummies, all this series of books he has xsl key for dummies. It's very good introduction. Like first, like 2030 pages are really good there. So if you can find it on the Internet. O'Reilly. 
**IAIN MAGOWN** *[28:56]*: Do you have any references that we could easily access or, you know, offhand. 
**Dmytro Zotkin** *[29:04]*: I don't have, because I have that book staying on my bookshelf. So I'm not looking at the Internet and I don't need it. So I don't know what are the. Just Google it. Just Google introduction to XSLT because try to be prepared a little bit to the next meeting because that's where we will try to close the gap between at least understanding what this SLT is doing. It's a very simple but powerful language. You need to understand that. It's simple. That's very important. It's simple, but it's very powerful and it allows you to build a lot of things. Okay, very good. So if you have additional questions, we'll talk about them during the next call. Introduction to XSLQ will be the next call. 
**Andrew Magown** *[30:03]*: Yeah, I absolutely am looking forward to that. I think kind of seeing a live example of setting up the transactions and the flows will kind of piece together things for me a little bit better and then I'll probably have a better idea of questions and follow. 
**Dmytro Zotkin** *[30:19]*: Yeah, that will be the exercise. But again, you need to understand all elements if you don't understand one basic element that just doesn't make any sense. Sure. 
**Andrew Magown** *[30:29]*: Yeah. I did also just link in one of the group Microsoft team chats, a link to a YouTube channel I found that does XSLT tutorials. 
**Dmytro Zotkin** *[30:43]*: Perfect. 
**Andrew Magown** *[30:44]*: If you could take a look at that, just make sure it's what you. 
**Dmytro Zotkin** *[30:46]*: Want us to, guys, that's from you because I doubt I will have time to look at these things. Unfortunately, it's only 28 hours per day, so 29 doesn't work anymore. 
**IAIN MAGOWN** *[31:03]*: That's it. 
**IAIN MAGOWN** *[31:04]*: I'm sorry. 
**WAHEED QAMAR** *[31:07]*: Have you the latest version of the document, like the one that we have, is last updated 2010? 
**Dmytro Zotkin** *[31:15]*: Yeah, that's the latest. We haven't extended. We started using id after that, heavily. We didn't update. It's practically the same thing. Okay. It has a lot of expansions, it has a lot of details added. It has a lot of small things that I know that are not documented. And I hope that in six months we'll have better document based on this exercise, and maybe you will help me to document undocumented features and undocumented things that are not in that document. 
**IAIN MAGOWN** *[31:53]*: Okay. 
**Andrew Magown** *[31:56]*: Can you send that over? Because I think I have the 2007 version of the documentation. I don't think I have the 2010. 
**IAIN MAGOWN** *[32:04]*: I. 
**Dmytro Zotkin** *[32:18]*: Thank you very much, everyone, and we'll talk about. Unfortunately, we need to wrap up right now because I have, like, an urgent request from national staffing and I need to answer to them. Thank you. 
**Andrew Magown** *[32:33]*: Thank you so much for your time, Demetri. 
**Dmytro Zotkin** *[32:34]*: Okay. Thank you and have a wonderful day. Thank you all. 
**IAIN MAGOWN** *[32:39]*: Thank you. 
**Dmytro Zotkin** *[32:40]*: Bye bye. All right. 
**Andrew Magown** *[32:46]*: What are you working on? 
**IAIN MAGOWN** *[32:47]*: The recording has stopped. Yeah. 
**WAHEED QAMAR** *[32:49]*: Okay. So I'm working on a spreadsheet for the customer portal. 
**Dmytro Zotkin** *[32:57]*: I get remove thing. Report to zoom. 
**Andrew Magown** *[33:03]*: Now you're trying to remove me? Is that what's happening? 
**Dmytro Zotkin** *[33:08]*: I want to get rid of fireflies. I want to set it down. I'll ping you. Okay. 
**Andrew Magown** *[33:14]*: All right. Do you need me for anything, or should I jump off? No, that's it. All it. All right, thank you, guys. 
**IAIN MAGOWN** *[33:21]*: Later. Yeah, thanks. 
