{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f1\fswiss\fprq2 Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.22000}{\*\mmathPr\mdispDef1\mwrapIndent1440 }\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc\b\f0\fs18 QODBC\par
FLEXquarters.com Limited QODBC Driver\par
for QuickBooks\'ae Editions 2024-2002\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sa60\qc Version 24.0.0.359\b0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360 FLEXquarters.com Limited\par

\pard\nowidctlpar Internet:\tab\tab {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.qodbc.com }}{\fldrslt{http://www.qodbc.com\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs18\par
Support:\tab\tab {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.qodbc.com/faq }}{\fldrslt{http://www.qodbc.com/faq\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs18\par
USA Sales:\tab 248-620-2400\par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\ul\b Startup:\par
\ulnone\b0 QODBC runs as a full demo for the first 30 days. This mode allows you to read and write all QuickBooks data and reports with the only restriction being 20 writes per session.\par
\ul\b Troubleshooting Tips:\par
\ulnone\b0 After you have installed the product, start and minimize QuickBooks, then test the installation by clicking the icon for "QODBC Setup Screen" under the QODBC Driver for QuickBooks folder and click the button that says "Test Connection to QuickBooks". If you installation is proper, you will get a success message. Now you can use the driver as-is which will connect to the currently open QuickBooks company file, or you can create a Data Set Name (DSN) for your own data file and QuickBooks will operate in the background. The processes to connect with various application tools can be found in the QODBC Manual.\par
If at any time you get an ODBC connect error message it is typically because of the following:\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\'b7\tab QuickBooks is not installed on the machine you are using. Install it to fix the problem, as it is required to use the QODBC product.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa120\'b7\tab Your version of QuickBooks has not been updated to the latest revision from Intuit.\par
\'b7\tab If you have prior versions of QuickBooks loaded on the machine attempting to use QODBC, you will get a connectivity error. See our FAQ page on the web for details.\par
\'b7\tab You may be using the Read-Only or the Read-Write version of the driver as a system service or as a web component. Only our Web/Server Edition works in this manner.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120 For troubleshooting, please use "QODBC Support Wizard". Start "QODBC Support Wizard" from the start menu and follow the instructions.\par
If "QODBC Support Wizard" is able to connect, QODBC is installed and configured correctly.\par
In case you are still not able to connect, please submit a support ticket using "QODBC Support Wizard".\par
\ul\b\par
Setup Help:\par
\ulnone\b0 Make sure you are running the latest build of QuickBooks with the latest updates applied before running this driver. To see what version you are running, press the CTRL-1 key (not the keypad 1) while running QuickBooks.\par
The first time you run this driver with your own company data (using Microsoft Access or our included VB Demo Program), you need to be running QuickBooks Pro on the machine at the same time, and you need to be logged in as Administrator. This is for security reasons. When the driver starts, QuickBooks will ask permission for the driver to access your QuickBooks data. Answer \ldblquote Always allow access\rdblquote  to these files and you will only need to do this once. If you want to modify the files, you will also need to choose \ldblquote Multi-User Mode\rdblquote  from the Files menu in QuickBooks to allow this. You will need to go through this process for each application with which you want to access QuickBooks data.\par
Also, if you have trouble launching our user manual document, you may need to install the Adobe Acrobat reader program. This can be downloaded from this web site for free:\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.adobe.com/products/acrobat/main.html }}{\fldrslt{http://www.adobe.com/products/acrobat/main.html\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs18\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\ul\b\par
General Information:\par
\par
\ulnone\b0 If you have any problems with the date format, use this format for direct SQL calls to our driver:\par
\{d \lquote 2002-09-27\rquote\}\par
Date and time stamps use this format:\par
SELECT * FROM Customer WHERE TimeCreated = \{ts \lquote 1999-07-29 14:24:18.000\rquote\}\par
Use this format for Microsoft Access queries:\par
SELECT * FROM Invoice WHERE Invoice.TimeModified >= #2003-09-23 00:00:01#\par
The Access format may vary based on the setting for default date format in your Windows control panel.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120 Support: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.qodbc.com/faq }}{\fldrslt{http://www.qodbc.com/faq\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs18\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\b Revision History of QODBC\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\ul Release 24.0.0.352:\par
\ulnone\b0\par
B01504 - Added Support for QuickBooks 2024 in QODBC Desktop.\par
B01658 - QODBC Desktop changed to subscription model.\par
\par
QRemote 24.0.0.352\par
B01626 - Fixed QRemote Server constantly printing the following log "Ping from client socket object" in the event log. Added ping count limit.\par
\par
Installer\par
B01658 - Update setup instruction and license agreement.\par
\par
\ul\b Release 24.0.0.353:\par
\ulnone\b0\par
B01449 - Fixed unable to run the Pass-Through query with the TxnDate filter in MS Access\par
B01502 - Added full crash dump in QRemote Client and Server. Added a feature to capture the time taken by QuickBooks SDK and QODBC. For more details, visit {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://qodbc.com/links/3079 }}{\fldrslt{http://qodbc.com/links/3079\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs18\par
B01511 - Fixed inability to return payroll data QuickBooks when payroll subscription is turned off.\par
B01513 - Updated XML Parser to the latest version 3.2.4.\par
B01631 - Improved error/information message when inserting or updating records in a Read-only table.\par
B01654 - Fixed the "Between" keyword not sending date filter XML to QuickBooks SDK while using the "UNOPTIMIZED" keyword.\par
B01659 - changed the "IsUsedOnPurchaseTransaction" field in the "ItemSalesTax" table to not insertable & updatable.\par
B01661 - Fixed Optimizer Last Sync Data was incorrectly updated using Join tables.\par
B01664 - Fixed Profit and loss report performance issue when fetching yearly report.\par
B01666 - Fixed, unable to delete InvoiceLine.\par
B01668 - Fixed crash issue while activating the license or testing the connection.\par
B01678 - Fixed incorrectly triggering evaluation message when using QODBC Enterprise edition with QuickBooks Enterprise.\par
B01679 - Fixed crash issue while trying to sync the license.\par
\par
QRemote 24.0.0.353\par
B01449 - Fixed QRemote Client server issue when executing Pass-Through query with the TxnDate filter in MS Access\par
B01626 - Added full crash dump in QRemote Client and Server.\par
B01636 - Improved error/information message when connecting QRemote DSN to a QRemote DSN.\par
\par
QODBC Test Tool\par
B01663 - QODBC Support Wizard - Fixed inaccurate count of tables that are not optimized.\par
B01663 - Added/Improved QODBC Test Tool Sample SQL statements.\par
\par
\ul\b Release 24.0.0.354:\par
\ulnone\b0\par
B01515 - Fixed the out-of-memory issue caused by reading huge tables.\par
B01516 - Added optimizer On/Off information to the QODBC Log.\par
B01516 - Changed crash report module. Email Address is mandatory even when clicking send the report later.\par
B01612 - Fixed sp_report returning incorrect results/columns when using Excel parameterized queries involving a date range.\par
B01672 - Fixed a few QRemote crash issues.\par
B01673 - Fixed a few issues related to memory leaks.\par
B01705 - Fixed the incorrect XML generated when the iterator was turned off.\par
\par
QRemote 24.0.0.354\par
B00786-4 - Added QRemote License. Added activation/deactivation/license sync in QRemote Client.\par
B01660 - Added error message "QRemote server could not save the configuration" when changes to the QRemote Server cannot be applied due to lack of permission.\par
\par
\ul\b Release 24.0.0.355:\par
\ulnone\b0\par
B01702 - Fixed Union SQL statement was not working when the select contains concat function.\par
B01706\~-\~Fixed multiple QRemote and QODBC crash issues reported in builds 353 and 354.\par
B01714\~- Fixed evaluation query limit when using the linked table in Microsoft Access.\par
B01721\~- Fixed crash related to multiple Excel sheets being refreshed simultaneously.\par
B01725 - Fixed crash issue when using subquery SQL statement.\par
\par
QRemote 24.0.0.355\par
B01706\~-\~Fixed multiple QRemote and QODBC crash issues reported in builds 353 and 354.\par
\par
QODBC Support Wizard 1.0.0.19\par
B01723 - Fixed QODBC Support Wizard unable to create "QuickBooks Data" (64-Bit) DSN.\par
\par
\ul\b Release 24.0.0.356:\par
\ulnone\b0\par
B01736 - Minor bug fixes.\par
\par
QRemote 24.0.0.356\par
B01736 - Minor bug fixes.\par
\par
\ul\b Release 24.0.0.357:\par
\ulnone\b0\par
B01736-R1 - Minor bug fixes.\par
\par
QRemote 24.0.0.357\par
B01736-R1 - Minor bug fixes.\par
\par
\ul\b Release 24.0.0.358:\par
\ulnone\b0\par
B01456 \f1\endash  Fixed, unable to add an item in a specific group.\par
B01682 - Fixed the error message "value overflowed the data type" while trying to fetch TaxDetailTotalTax from the Invoice table.\par
B01686 - Added AddressID field to the following table.\par
\tab CHECK\par
\tab COMPANY\par
\tab EMPLOYEE\par
\tab ENTITY\par
\tab PURCHASE\par
\tab RECURRINGCREDITMEMO\par
\tab RECURRINGESTIMATE\par
\tab RECURRINGINVOICE\par
\tab RECURRINGSALESRECEIPT\par
\par
Added the following fields to the "Company" table.\par
\tab IsNeoEnabled\par
\tab IsNonTracking\par
\tab IsQBDTMigrated\par
\tab CompanyType\par
\tab SubscriptionStatus\par
\tab OfferingSku\par
\tab IsPayrollFeature\par
\tab IsAccountantFeature\par
\tab QBOIndustryType\par
\tab IsItemCategoriesFeature\par
\tab WebAddressURI\par
\par
B01711 - Added the field "BillEmailAddress" to the SalesReceipt table.\par
B01712 - Change the "Quantity" field from Integer to Decimal in the 'GeneralLedger' report.\par
B01713 - Added a new table, "PaymentLinkedTxn", for the payment linked transactions.\par
B01715 - Added the "Memo" field to the PurchaseOrder table.\par
\f0 B01728 - \f1 Internal\par
B01729 - Fixed the error "The decimal field's precision is too small" when importing the tables in MS Access.\par
B01738 - Fixed MS Access showing #Deleted on refresh for records that are added or updated in the customer table in QuickBooks Online UI.\par
B01739 - Fixed querying the 'ExchangeRate' table takes too long to execute.\par
B01746 - Internal\par
B01753 - Add delay/gap when violating QuickBooks Online API threshold limit. \par
B01754 - Fixed QODBC Online crash using specific MS Access SQL statements.\par
B01755 - Added support for uploading attachment files.\par
B01757 - Added Preferred Vendor fields in the Item/ItemService table.\par
B01760 - Fixed QODBC crashes when clicking the fix button for unoptimized tables in the QODBC Online Support Wizard.\par
\f0\par
QRemote 24.0.0.358\par
B01268 - Minor bug fixes.\par
B01724 - Fixed QRemote incorrectly prompting for QODBC Server Edition license required when using MS Excel.\par
B01730 - Changed 'Setting' to 'Settings' in QRemote Server.\par
B01743 - Minor bug fixes.\par
B01744 - Added license or subscription-related warnings/messages to the QODBC log file.\par
B01751 - Fixed Ping count for QRemote reverts to default count on changing the configuration.\par
B01763 - Added QODBC evaluation rules to QRemote.\par
\par
\par
\ul\b Release 24.0.0.359:\par
\ulnone\b0\par
B01719 - Fixed QODBC and QRemote crash issues reported for the build v354.\par
B01764 - Fixed the blinking issue of the splash screen in evaluation mode.\par
B01773 - Fixed a crash issue with QODBC affecting certain applications (similar to B01754).\par
B01775 - Fixed data truncation issue when using the IFNULL function.\par
B01785 - Fixed QODBC and QRemote crash issues reported for the build v358.\par
\par
QRemote 24.0.0.359\par
B01771 - Fixed the issue of trimming the RefNumber when utilizing a Python script with QRemote.\par
B00786-5 - QRemote licenses will take precedence over QODBC Evaluation licenses.\par
\par
Signed 3rd party redistributable binaries with "FLEXquarters.com Limited" digital signature. Original author and copyrights of 3rd party binaries remain unchanged.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720\par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\qc\b Thanks for using QODBC!\par
}
 